Add documentation for zmscore command (#1361)
redis/redis-doc: commands/zmscore.md

Returns the scores associated with the specified `members` in the sorted set stored at `key`.

> If `key` does not exist, `nil` is returned.

Reviewer: For every `member` that does not exist in the hash, a `nil` value is returned.

> For every `member` that does not exist in the hash, a `nil` value is returned.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For every `member` that does not exist in the sorted set, a `nil` value is returned.
```
